update steps for cluster page changes (#11883)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/migrate-from-oracle-using-aws-dms.md

## Step 4. Create a TiDB Cloud Serverless Tier cluster

1. Log in to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters).

2. [Create a free Serverless Tier cluster](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-quickstart.md).

3. In the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, click the target cluster name to go to its overview page.

4. In the upper-right corner, click **Connect**.

5. Click **Create password** to generate a password and copy the generated password.

> 6. Choose a SQL client and operating system, and then connect to your cluster using the displayed connection string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Select your preferred connection method and operating system, and then connect to your cluster using the displayed connection string.
```
